Fix deprecated code snippets and removed pre-6.3 code snippets (#233)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Speech and Audio/Playing Spoken Feedback/index.md

## Creating the Speak Request
The speech request you send can simply be a text phrase, which will be played back in accordance with the user's current language settings, or it can consist of phoneme specifications to direct SDL’s TTS engine to speak a language-independent, speech-sculpted phrase. It is also possible to play a pre-recorded sound file (such as an MP3) using the speech request. For more information on how to play a sound file please refer to [Playing Audio Indications](Speech and Audio/Playing Audio Indications). 

> ### Getting the Supported Capabilities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Getting the Supported Speech Capabilities
```

> Once you have successfully connecting to the module, you can access supported speech capabilities properties on the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager`!@ instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have successfully connecting to the module, you can access supported speech capabilities properties on the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@@![android, javaSE, javaEE]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager()`!@ instance.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
NSArray<SDLSpeechCapabilities> *speechCapabilities = self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let speechCapabilities = sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getCapability(SystemCapabilityType.SPEECH, new OnSystemCapabilityListener() {
	@Override
	public void onCapabilityRetrieved(Object capability) {
		List<SpeechCapabilities> speechCapabilities = (List<SpeechCapabilities>) capability;
	}

	@Override
	public void onError(String info) {
        <#Handle Error#>

> 	}

Reviewer: Spacing

Author: Should be fixed

}, false);
```
!@

Below is a list of commonly supported speech capabilities.

| Speech Capability |  Description |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Text | Text phrases |
| SAPI Phonemes | Microsoft speech synthesis API |
| File | A pre-recorded sound file |

### Creating Different Types of Speak Requests

> #### Text Phrase

Reviewer: There should be an intro between these if possible

Author: Fixed

## Creating the Speak Request
The speech request you send can simply be a text phrase, which will be played back in accordance with the user's current language settings, or it can consist of phoneme specifications to direct SDL’s TTS engine to speak a language-independent, speech-sculpted phrase. It is also possible to play a pre-recorded sound file (such as an MP3) using the speech request. For more information on how to play a sound file please refer to [Playing Audio Indications](Speech and Audio/Playing Audio Indications). 

### Getting the Supported Speech Capabilities
Once you have successfully connected to the module, you can access supported speech capabilities properties on the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager()`!@ instance.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> NSArray<SDLSpeechCapabilities> *speechCapabilities = self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NSArray<SDLSpeechCapabilities *> *speechCapabilities = self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities;
```

I think that's needed?

Author: I get a compile error for: `NSArray<SDLSpeechCapabilities *> *speechCapabilities`

Reviewer: You're correct, `SDLSpeechCapabilities` is an enum.

```

##### Swift
```swift
let speechCapabilities = sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getCapability(SystemCapabilityType.SPEECH, new OnSystemCapabilityListener() {
    @Override
    public void onCapabilityRetrieved(Object capability) {
        List<SpeechCapabilities> speechCapabilities = (List<SpeechCapabilities>) capability;
    }

    @Override
    public void onError(String info) {
        // Handle error
    }
}, false);
```
!@

@![javascript]
```js

> let speechCapabilities = sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager()._speechCapabilities;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This is technically a private property and will be made public by removing the `_` in a future release
let speechCapabilities = sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager()._speechCapabilities;
```

### Getting the Supported Speech Capabilities
Once you have successfully connected to the module, you can access supported speech capabilities properties on the @![iOS]`SDLManager.systemCapabilityManager`!@@![android,javaSE,javaEE,javascript]`sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager()`!@ instance.

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
NSArray<SDLSpeechCapabilities> *speechCapabilities = self.sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let speechCapabilities = sdlManager.systemCapabilityManager.speechCapabilities
```
!@

@![android, javaSE, javaEE]
```java
sdlManager.getSystemCapabilityManager().getCapability(SystemCapabilityType.SPEECH, new OnSystemCapabilityListener() {
    @Override
    public void onCapabilityRetrieved(Object capability) {
        List<SpeechCapabilities> speechCapabilities = (List<SpeechCapabilities>) capability;
    }

    @Override
    public void onError(String info) {
        // Handle error
    }
}, false);
```
!@

@![javascript]
```js

> // This is technically a private property and will be made public by removing the `_` in a future release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This is technically a private property and a `getSpeechCapabilities` method will be added to retrieve it in a future release.
```
